


https://codepen.io/Hbrophy93/pen/VwYvvYm?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
It's a way of organizing a webpage using tags to provide meaning for search engine and page readers
 
2. What is HTML used for?
It's used to create the structure of a webpage 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It is way to be more specific with an element and we put it within the first tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It's a header tag and it goes at the top of your webpage. It should used only once. 


5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Links and images. 

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
H1, Nav tags

7. What is an id?
An Id is an attribute that references a very specific thing. 
 
8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any as long as it's unique. 
 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once 
10. What is a class?
An attribute that can be applied to multiple elements. 
 
11. What elements can I add a class to?
Any of them.  

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
Multiple times.
 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="$" target="_blank">$</a>

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
It's used when an image cannot viewed for users. 
 
15. How do I reference an id?
#idname

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section tag is semantic and div tag is not and is just a block of text.

17. What is CSS used for?
To style a webpage
 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
H2{
code}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ID is unique to one entity and a class is not. If I had an element I only use once I would use an ID and if it was recurring I would use a class.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.humans-p{}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
When you want to style multiple entities the same way
 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.class: a{
Code}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
They are selectors preceded by a colon. :hover is an example. 

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Use the line-height property.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Use the letter-spacing property.

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Use the text-transform property "uppercase","lowercase", and "capitalize"


28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Div{border-style: dotted;
  border-color: black;
  border-width: 1px;}

29. How do I select everything on the page?
*{
}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/**/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
You start out at your root directory which in my case is henrybrophy abs. It says this followed by a % sign and then when I got into a directory the % changes to the directory name. 
 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls 

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
"rm the filename" You have to be careful because it's then gone forever. 
 
34. Why should I use version control?
So you can go back to previous version that were better than the current code.
  
35. How often should I commit to github?
Every few hours
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
Push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
We create own version of a repo and then add TL as a collaborators. We then clone it.We then create a brand git. Then submit our version into a new branch. We use our own version as the base. Add our TL as a reviewer. It considered done when we merge the HW back into master "student fork."
